# ENG2002-ADA-Assignment
Using Jupyter Notebook, develop an object-oriented application that processes rational numbers. While you are responsible for the application's final design, your application is expected to contain a class called no_rat. A no_rat object representing a rational number (a/b), where a and b are both integers. You may assume that b is positive for simplicity, and the application does not need to check this. However, if the value of b is zero, you should use try and except to show an error message alerting the user that it is not allowed. No no_rat object in the program should have the value of b being zero. Handle it properly when this occurs without ending the program. Within the class, you should develop method(s) to realize one of the following three tasks. The task to do should be determined by the remainder obtained from dividing your team number by 3. For example, if your team number is SEVEN, 5 % 3 = 2, and you should do Task 2) of this assignment. 
The method performs a division with another rational number and returns the result as a rational number. The result has to be in its simplest form, i.e., any common factors between the numerator and the denominator should be canceled out. For example, if this rational number has a = 12 and b = 48, the rational number to be divided has a = 2 and b = 16, the method should return 12/48 ¸ 2/16 = 192/96 = 2/1, i.e. a rational number of a = 2 and b = 1 in its simplest form as 96 is the the least common multiple (LCM) of 192 and 96. (Note: If the divisor is zero the method should use try and except to show an error message alerting the user that it is not allowed.) 
It is required that the class and the implementation of its methods should be built as a separate module to be imported by the application.  

Your application is expected to provide a text menu as a user interface. Through the interface, the user can repeatedly enter rational numbers (by providing the values of a and b) and do calculations of your task for different rational numbers. The user can also choose to end the application through the interface. 

Should you want to get a credit grade, you should design the application such that when a user wants to start it, he needs to login with a username first, which will be checked with a file that stores username-password pairs. If the username is new, the application will ask for a password from the user and store it into that file. If the username can be found in that file, the application will ask for a password from the user, and the program will start only when the password is correct. The application will end if the user fails to provide the correct password in five consecutive trials. 

Should you want to get a distinction grade, you should add a method to the class that can compute a non-zero rational number to the power of n, where n is a positive integer, zero, or negative integer. If the rational number (NOT n) is zero, the method should show an error message and do nothing. The result must be a rational number in its simplest form.
 
